c:\users\daimond\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SharedRef\SharedRef.Web\bin\NLog.config
c:\users\daimond\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SharedRef\SharedRef.Web\bin\SharedRef.Web.dll
c:\users\daimond\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SharedRef\SharedRef.Web\bin\SharedRef.Web.pdb
c:\users\daimond\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SharedRef\SharedRef.Web\bin\SharedRef.dll
c:\users\daimond\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SharedRef\SharedRef.Web\bin\NHibernate.dll
c:\users\daimond\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SharedRef\SharedRef.Web\bin\NLog.dll
c:\users\daimond\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SharedRef\SharedRef.Web\bin\Spring.Core.dll
c:\users\daimond\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SharedRef\SharedRef.Web\bin\Iesi.Collections.dll
c:\users\daimond\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SharedRef\SharedRef.Web\bin\Common.Logging.dll
c:\users\daimond\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SharedRef\SharedRef.Web\bin\SharedRef.pdb
c:\users\daimond\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SharedRef\SharedRef.Web\bin\NHibernate.xml
c:\users\daimond\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SharedRef\SharedRef.Web\bin\NLog.xml
c:\users\daimond\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SharedRef\SharedRef.Web\bin\Spring.Core.pdb
c:\users\daimond\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SharedRef\SharedRef.Web\bin\Spring.Core.xml
c:\users\daimond\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SharedRef\SharedRef.Web\bin\Iesi.Collections.xml
c:\users\daimond\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SharedRef\SharedRef.Web\obj\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\daimond\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SharedRef\SharedRef.Web\obj\Debug\SharedRef.Web.dll
c:\users\daimond\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SharedRef\SharedRef.Web\obj\Debug\SharedRef.Web.pdb
c:\users\daimond\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SharedRef\SharedRef.Web\bin\NHibernate.Caches.SysCache.dll
c:\users\daimond\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SharedRef\SharedRef.Web\bin\web.nlog
c:\users\daimond\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SharedRef\SharedRef.Web\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\daimond\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SharedRef\SharedRef.Web\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Daimond\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\SharedRef\SharedRef.Web\bin\Spring.Aop.dll
C:\Users\Daimond\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\SharedRef\SharedRef.Web\bin\Spring.Aop.pdb
C:\Users\Daimond\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\SharedRef\SharedRef.Web\bin\Spring.Aop.xml
C:\Users\Daimond\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\SharedRef\SharedRef.Web\bin\Spring.Web.dll
C:\Users\Daimond\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\SharedRef\SharedRef.Web\bin\Spring.Web.pdb
C:\Users\Daimond\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\SharedRef\SharedRef.Web\bin\Spring.Web.xml
C:\Sobin\SharedRef\SharedRef.Web\bin\NLog.config
C:\Sobin\SharedRef\SharedRef.Web\bin\web.nlog
C:\Sobin\SharedRef\SharedRef.Web\bin\SharedRef.Web.dll
C:\Sobin\SharedRef\SharedRef.Web\bin\SharedRef.Web.pdb
C:\Sobin\SharedRef\SharedRef.Web\bin\Common.Logging.dll
C:\Sobin\SharedRef\SharedRef.Web\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Sobin\SharedRef\SharedRef.Web\bin\NHibernate.Caches.SysCache.dll
C:\Sobin\SharedRef\SharedRef.Web\bin\NLog.dll
C:\Sobin\SharedRef\SharedRef.Web\bin\SharedRef.dll
C:\Sobin\SharedRef\SharedRef.Web\bin\Spring.Core.dll
C:\Sobin\SharedRef\SharedRef.Web\bin\Spring.Web.dll
C:\Sobin\SharedRef\SharedRef.Web\bin\Spring.Aop.dll
C:\Sobin\SharedRef\SharedRef.Web\bin\NHibernate.dll
C:\Sobin\SharedRef\SharedRef.Web\bin\Iesi.Collections.dll
C:\Sobin\SharedRef\SharedRef.Web\bin\SharedRef.pdb
C:\Sobin\SharedRef\SharedRef.Web\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Sobin\SharedRef\SharedRef.Web\bin\NLog.xml
C:\Sobin\SharedRef\SharedRef.Web\bin\Spring.Core.pdb
C:\Sobin\SharedRef\SharedRef.Web\bin\Spring.Core.xml
C:\Sobin\SharedRef\SharedRef.Web\bin\Spring.Web.pdb
C:\Sobin\SharedRef\SharedRef.Web\bin\Spring.Web.xml
C:\Sobin\SharedRef\SharedRef.Web\bin\Spring.Aop.pdb
C:\Sobin\SharedRef\SharedRef.Web\bin\Spring.Aop.xml
C:\Sobin\SharedRef\SharedRef.Web\bin\NHibernate.xml
C:\Sobin\SharedRef\SharedRef.Web\bin\Iesi.Collections.xml
C:\Sobin\SharedRef\SharedRef.Web\obj\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Sobin\SharedRef\SharedRef.Web\obj\Debug\SharedRef.Web.dll
C:\Sobin\SharedRef\SharedRef.Web\obj\Debug\SharedRef.Web.pdb
C:\Sources\SharedRef\SharedRef.Web\bin\NLog.config
C:\Sources\SharedRef\SharedRef.Web\bin\web.nlog
C:\Sources\SharedRef\SharedRef.Web\bin\SharedRef.Web.dll
C:\Sources\SharedRef\SharedRef.Web\bin\SharedRef.Web.pdb
C:\Sources\SharedRef\SharedRef.Web\bin\Common.Logging.dll
C:\Sources\SharedRef\SharedRef.Web\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Sources\SharedRef\SharedRef.Web\bin\NHibernate.Caches.SysCache.dll
C:\Sources\SharedRef\SharedRef.Web\bin\NLog.dll
C:\Sources\SharedRef\SharedRef.Web\bin\SharedRef.dll
C:\Sources\SharedRef\SharedRef.Web\bin\Spring.Core.dll
C:\Sources\SharedRef\SharedRef.Web\bin\Spring.Web.dll
C:\Sources\SharedRef\SharedRef.Web\bin\Spring.Aop.dll
C:\Sources\SharedRef\SharedRef.Web\bin\SharedRef.pdb
C:\Sources\SharedRef\SharedRef.Web\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Sources\SharedRef\SharedRef.Web\bin\NLog.xml
C:\Sources\SharedRef\SharedRef.Web\bin\Spring.Core.pdb
C:\Sources\SharedRef\SharedRef.Web\bin\Spring.Core.xml
C:\Sources\SharedRef\SharedRef.Web\bin\Spring.Web.pdb
C:\Sources\SharedRef\SharedRef.Web\bin\Spring.Web.xml
C:\Sources\SharedRef\SharedRef.Web\bin\Spring.Aop.pdb
C:\Sources\SharedRef\SharedRef.Web\bin\Spring.Aop.xml
C:\Sources\SharedRef\SharedRef.Web\obj\Debug\SharedRef.Web.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Sources\SharedRef\SharedRef.Web\obj\Debug\SharedRef.Web.dll
C:\Sources\SharedRef\SharedRef.Web\obj\Debug\SharedRef.Web.pdb
